---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Software Engineering for the Future 
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-01-21
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
---


  After dropping out of high school, I always said that I had no passion for a career. I committed to this mindset and decided I would go back to school for finance just to be able to get a salary job and have some security with a degree. After starting on that path and not enjoying it, I felt the need to find something I wanted to learn. I decided to learn how to play the guitar. Learning to play the guitar ended up being a big deal for me. I wouldn’t consider myself good at the guitar but I found huge value in learning how to play. It taught me how to enjoying learning and pick up this attitude to want and learn more for no other reason than just enjoying learning something new. This attitude pushed me to switch my major to Computer Science and I’ve always wanted to learn programming but never cared to try, mostly because I thought it would be too difficult. 

  Ever since I was a child, I have always been intrigued with creating something and as I grew older, I learned to love problem solving and the feeling of just sitting down and grinding out a problem. I found that software engineering can stimulate these interests of mine and this career field shows promise with job opportunity and pay, which was another reason for me going to school in the first place. 

  I hope to learn everything and anything in relation to programming or the Computer Science field in general. I plan to improve my overall knowledge and programming capabilities. I aim to one day work as a Software Engineer, being able to program for a living and work with others in the same capacity. 
